Welcome back.
We have our best friend visual go and once again they have a great diagram for us to play with.
Now I'm going to give you four different graphs and you're going to have to tell me what type of graph
it is based on while we've learned so far whether it's weighted sic click on directed directed.
So let's start off with this one.
What do you think this one is.
Before I show you the answer.
All right well this is an on directed.
There's no arrows on a weighted graph.
And you can see that it's also cyclic because you can go 0 1 2 and back to zero.
What about the next one.
What type of graph is this.
Well this is an undirected weighted graph that's also cyclic.
So you can see that we have weights on the edges here.
There's no arrows.
We can go anywhere.
We won back and forth and we can also make cycles.
What about this one.
This is a directed graph but on weighted and yes even six and seven are a graph.
But we see here that it's not cyclical a ASAC like because there's no way for me to go back let's say
0 to 1.
I can go back to zero.
All right I lost one.
What about this one.
This is a directed weighted graph.
We have the weights has direction and when it comes to cyclic No there are no cycles.
So it's a cyclic.
All right.
The final challenge what type of graph is this.
Ready for the answer.
This is a directed acyclic graph.
There's no cycles.
It's directed and it's a graph and this directed acyclic graph is quite common in called Dagh.
And actually a project like Iowa which is a pretty popular blogging project uses this and uses fancy
words like directed acyclic graph.
But at the end of the day that's not impressive anymore right.
We know what that is just simply a graph that goes in one direction.
I think it's time for us to learn how to build our own graph.
I'll see in the next one.
But by.